
Source :-

//https://www.cypress.io/features/


//WHAT IS CYPRESS ?


Feature , Advantages ,  Unique features


//Features of cypress 

1) Test status menu

See how many tests passed or failed, and how long they took to run.

2)Viewport sizing

Test responsive layouts by changing your app’s viewport size

3)Command Log

Hover over a command in the log and the app preview shows you exactly what 
it looked like when the test ran. Our users call it time travel

4)App preview

While test commands execute, see what happens in your app in real time. Use your DevTools to inspect or debug each command

5)Browser Menu

Select your desired browser in which to run tests

6) Spec File Search

Easily search and select the test spec you like to run

7)Organize Results

Get quick access to results of your latest CI test runs recorded to the Dashboard

8)Test Failures

Get an at-a-glance view of how many tests passed or failed in CI


//Fours things that cypress made easy for us 


1)Setting up tests

Write your first passing test in 60 seconds.
There are no servers, drivers, or any other dependencies to install or configure.

2)Writing tests
Tests written in Cypress are easy to read and understand.
Our API comes fully baked, on top of tools you are familiar with already.

3)Running tests
Cypress runs as fast as your browser can render content. 
You can watch tests run in real time as you develop your applications. TDD FTW!

4)Debugging
Readable error messages help you to debug quickly. You also have access to all the developer tools you know and love.

Advantages of cypress (Test automation with cypress)

1)Time travel
Cypress takes snapshots as your tests run.
 Simply hover over commands in the Command Log to see exactly what happened at each step.

2)Debuggability
Stop guessing why your tests are failing. Debug directly from familiar tools like Chrome DevTools. 
Our readable errors and stack traces make debugging lightning fast.

3)Real time reloads
Cypress automatically reloads whenever you make changes to your tests. 
See commands execute in real time in your app.

4)Automatic waiting
Never add waits or sleeps to your tests. 
Cypress automatically waits for commands and assertions before moving on. No more async hell.

5)Spies, stubs, and clocks
Verify and control the behavior of functions, server responses, or timers. 
The same functionality you love from unit testing is right at your fingertips.

6)Network traffic control
Easily control, stub, and test edge cases without involving your server. 
You can stub network traffic however you like

7)Consistent results
Our architecture doesn’t use Selenium or WebDriver.
Say hello to fast, consistent and reliable tests that are flake-free.

8)Screenshots and videos
View screenshots taken automatically on failure, or videos of your entire test suite 
when run headlessly.

Supported Browsers 

1)Chrome 

2)Firefox

3)Edge 

4)Electron

5)Brave 


//WHY TO LEARN CYPRESS?


https://www.npmtrends.com/cypress



//HOW DOES THE CYPRESS WORK ?

(Make a diagram explaning selenium architecture and cypress architecture)

7 ways Cypress is different:

1)Cypress does not use Selenium.
Most end-to-end testing tools are Selenium-based, 
which is why they all share the same problems. 
To make Cypress different, we built a new architecture from the ground up.
Whereas Selenium executes remote commands through the network,
Cypress runs in the same run-loop as your application.

2)Cypress focuses on doing end-to-end testing REALLY well.
Cypress is not a general automation framework, nor is it a unit testing framework for your back end services.
There are already great tools out there that do that. 
Rather, we specialize in one thing - creating a great experience while you write end to end tests for your web applications.

3)Cypress works on any front-end framework or website.
Cypress tests anything that runs in a web browser. All of the architecture surrounding Cypress is built to handle modern JavaScript frameworks especially well.
We have hundreds of projects using the latest React, Angular, Vue, Elm, etc. frameworks.
Cypress also works equally well on older server rendered pages or applications.


4)Cypress tests are only written in JavaScript.
While you can compile down to JavaScript from any other language, ultimately the test code is executed inside the browser itself. 
There are no language or driver bindings - there is and will only ever be just JavaScript.

5)Cypress is all in one.
Writing end-to-end tests takes a lot of different tools to work together.
With Cypress you get multiple tools in one . 
There is no need to install 10 separate tools and libraries to get your test suite set up. 
We have taken some of the best-in-class tools you are likely already familiar with and made them all work together seamlessly.

6)Cypress is for developers and QA engineers.
One of our goals was to make test-driven development a reality for end-to-end testing. 
Cypress is at its best when you use it as you build your application. 
We give you the power to code as fast as possible.

7)Cypress runs much, much faster.
These architectural improvements unlock the ability to do TDD with full end-to-end tests for the very first time. 
Cypress has been built so that testing and development can happen simultaneously. 
You can develop faster while driving the entire dev process with tests because: you can see your application;
You still have access to the developer tools; and changes are reflected in real time.
The end result is that you will have developed more, your code will be better, and it will be completely tested. 
If you opt for our Dashboard services,parallelization and automated load balancing will further supercharge your test speeds.



//WHAT ARE KEY DIFFERENCES BETWEEN CYPRESS AND OTHER AUTOMAION TOOL?
** PDF available and make same for Minskole


//WANT TO DELVE MORE INTO THE CYPRESS?

(https://github.com/cypress-io)

// DEMO TEST


Explaning the deafault folder struture for the cypress  (Minksole)

(Integration / Screenshots / ) Folders

Explaning the before and after feature of cypress (Minksole)

Explaning the how the cypress helps in the auto update (Minksole)


// CYPRESS CHAT

// https://gitter.im/cypress-io/cypress you can post your question in the below forum








